hera/nrao/README.md, before:

# NRAO tests

Before transferring data to UKSRC resources, tests were run on the NRAO system to verify the python environment.  These tests are described in the following subsections.

## Run the jupyter notebook

In this test, JB ran HERA's [H1C IDR3 power spectrum notebook](https://github.com/HERA-Team/H1C_IDR3_Power_Spectra/blob/main/SPOILERS/All_Epochs_Power_Spectra/H1C_IDR3_Power_Spectra.ipynb) on the full power spectrum dataset generated by HERA.  The output files from `hera_pspec` for the H1C IDR3 analysis are available on NRAO and do not need to be copied from cold storage.  The notebook run on NRAO for this test is stored in `H1C_IDR3_Power_Spectra.ipynb` in this directory.  This test verifies that the python environment has all of the dependencies required to form the final one-dimensional power spectrum estimate.

## Run `hera_pspec`

In this test, JB ran `hera_pspec` on a subset of the full dataset used by HERA to ensure the python environment can run `hera_pspec` and generate the files that get fed into the notebook.  JB used a subset of the full HERA data (4 out of 20 files) for this test so the test would run more quickly.  JB also reduced the number of frequencies and baselines in the `hera_pspec` analysis to further reduce the runtime.  For this test the three files of interest in this directory are

- `pspec_params_LPXLTK.yaml`: yaml file containing file paths and analysis parameters for `hera_pspec`.  The changes made in this file to reduce the frequency and baseline axes are marked with in-line comments.
- `pspec_pipe.py`: python file which reads in the parameters in `pspec_params_LPXLTK.yaml` and runs `hera_pspec`
- `run_pspec_LPXLTK.sh`: slurm sbatch script which calls `pspec_pipe.py`

These files were used to run `hera_pspec` on NRAO and were run by first creating a directory for the output from slurm via
```
mkdir slurm-out
```
and then calling `sbatch` via
```
sbatch run_pspec_LPXLTK.sh
```
Please note that the file paths contained in the scripts used for this test are all defined relative to JB's lustre directories as data were temporarily copied/stored there for this test.  The data and directories should all be readable on NRAO, but they may not be writable.

# UKSRC related links and information

**Confluence pages**

- [H1C IDR3 Power Spectra](https://confluence.skatelescope.org/display/SRCSC/H1C+IDR3+Power+Spectra)

**Jira tickets**

- [TEAL-648](https://jira.skatelescope.org/browse/TEAL-648): python environment for HERA analysis on Socorro (continued)
- [TEAL-626](https://jira.skatelescope.org/browse/TEAL-626): Confluence page for HERA power spectrum pipeline code/steps
- [TEAL-628](https://jira.skatelescope.org/browse/TEAL-628): Run jupyter notebook to test environment
- [TEAL-629](https://jira.skatelescope.org/browse/TEAL-629): Run power spectrum pipeline (subset of data, at NRAO)

Commit message:

Add an earlier link to the confluence page with updated test information

hera/nrao/README.md, after:

# NRAO tests

Before transferring data to UKSRC resources, tests were run on the NRAO system to verify the python environment.  These tests are described in the following subsections.  More information is available on the [H1C IDR3 Power Spectra](https://confluence.skatelescope.org/display/SRCSC/H1C+IDR3+Power+Spectra) confluence page.

## Run the jupyter notebook

In this test, JB ran HERA's [H1C IDR3 power spectrum notebook](https://github.com/HERA-Team/H1C_IDR3_Power_Spectra/blob/main/SPOILERS/All_Epochs_Power_Spectra/H1C_IDR3_Power_Spectra.ipynb) on the full power spectrum dataset generated by HERA.  The output files from `hera_pspec` for the H1C IDR3 analysis are available on NRAO and do not need to be copied from cold storage.  The notebook run on NRAO for this test is stored in `H1C_IDR3_Power_Spectra.ipynb` in this directory.  This test verifies that the python environment has all of the dependencies required to form the final one-dimensional power spectrum estimate.

## Run `hera_pspec`

In this test, JB ran `hera_pspec` on a subset of the full dataset used by HERA to ensure the python environment can run `hera_pspec` and generate the files that get fed into the notebook.  JB used a subset of the full HERA data (4 out of 20 files) for this test so the test would run more quickly.  JB also reduced the number of frequencies and baselines in the `hera_pspec` analysis to further reduce the runtime.  For this test the three files of interest in this directory are

- `pspec_params_LPXLTK.yaml`: yaml file containing file paths and analysis parameters for `hera_pspec`.  The changes made in this file to reduce the frequency and baseline axes are marked with in-line comments.
- `pspec_pipe.py`: python file which reads in the parameters in `pspec_params_LPXLTK.yaml` and runs `hera_pspec`
- `run_pspec_LPXLTK.sh`: slurm sbatch script which calls `pspec_pipe.py`

These files were used to run `hera_pspec` on NRAO and were run by first creating a directory for the output from slurm via
```
mkdir slurm-out
```
and then calling `sbatch` via
```
sbatch run_pspec_LPXLTK.sh
```
Please note that the file paths contained in the scripts used for this test are all defined relative to JB's lustre directories as data were temporarily copied/stored there for this test.  The data and directories should all be readable on NRAO, but they may not be writable.

# UKSRC related links and information

**Confluence pages**

- [H1C IDR3 Power Spectra](https://confluence.skatelescope.org/display/SRCSC/H1C+IDR3+Power+Spectra)

**Jira tickets**

- [TEAL-648](https://jira.skatelescope.org/browse/TEAL-648): python environment for HERA analysis on Socorro (continued)
- [TEAL-626](https://jira.skatelescope.org/browse/TEAL-626): Confluence page for HERA power spectrum pipeline code/steps
- [TEAL-628](https://jira.skatelescope.org/browse/TEAL-628): Run jupyter notebook to test environment
- [TEAL-629](https://jira.skatelescope.org/browse/TEAL-629): Run power spectrum pipeline (subset of data, at NRAO)
